hi everyone I want to do this quick
review on these nail art brushes that i
got from born pretty store calm and a
lot of you have still been asking me
where you can get really good nail art
brushes that are very inexpensive yet
you get a wide variety of different
brushes for different types of designs
for your nails so this is what you get
you get a kit of 15 and they come in a
little plastic holder like this and I've
got 15 here and there are different
types they all have little plastic
covers on top to protect the bristles
which is really great and these can also
be used for if you do gels you can use
them for gel nails you can use them for
acrylic nails even some for makeup I
would imagine like this one here which
is the natural bristles you can not use
this for gel applications even the
synthetic one is also great for gel
applications but you've got your
striping brush right here which is like
the long very long hair brush and this
is really good to do stripes on the
nails and lines then you have a smaller
detail brush
and this is the handle so some of these
are synthetic brushes some are natural
bristle brushes and you also get a
dotting tool with this kit which is
really really excellent so you're
probably all wondering how much this is
um on their website it's i believe about
four dollars and fifty something since i
will have the information on the info
bar so that you guys can go and check
them out but they're not more than five
dollars and i think you're getting a
really really great deal for fifteen
brushes and that is more than you'll
ever need i only use like probably two
or three the most probably like a short
detail long bristle brush the fan brush
is really really great for glitter if
you're using glitter or nails it's easy
to like scoop the glitter from the
little jar and then sort of shake the
brush on top of your nail and you can
also use this for acrylic paints if
you're doing like sort of like a beach
sunset background you can dip the brush
into multiple colors and wipe it on your
nail so different types of different
brushes for different nail art designs
that you're going to be working on this
one is really nice i use this one the
other day for a slanted nail art so you
can see that the brush has got a little
bit of a slant on it then you have this
one which is sort of round but it's
tapered 20 at the edges so i think it's
worth investing in
a pair of good brushes but I think that
you will now find a better deal then on
board pretty store because you will get
15 for about five dollars I don't think
you can do that and if you take care of
them guys and clean them regularly they
should last you a lifetime so yeah
please go check them out I will click
the link below and i will have the
discount coupon so you can get a
discount for them even more if you want
but thanks for watching and i will see
you guys in our next tutorial